Add quick comparison table between ChatModel and PythonModel (#13786)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/llms/chat-model-intro/index.rst

Tutorial: Getting Started with ChatModel
========================================

MLflow's :py:class:`~mlflow.pyfunc.ChatModel` class provides a standardized way to create production-ready conversational AI models. The resulting models are fully integrated with MLflow's tracking, evaluation, and lifecycle management capabilities. They can be shared with others in the MLflow Model Registry, deployed as a REST API, or loaded in a notebook for interactive use. Furthermore, they are compatible with the widely-adopted OpenAI chat API spec, making them easy to integrate with other AI systems and tools.

> If you're falready amiliar with :py:class:`~mlflow.pyfunc.PythonModel`, you might wonder why :py:class:`~mlflow.pyfunc.ChatModel` is needed. As GenAI applications grow more complex, mapping inputs, outputs, and parameters with a custom ``PythonModel`` can be challenging. ``ChatModel`` simplifies this by offering a structured, OpenAI-compatible schema for conversational AI models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're already familiar with :py:class:`~mlflow.pyfunc.PythonModel`, you might wonder why :py:class:`~mlflow.pyfunc.ChatModel` is needed. As GenAI applications grow more complex, mapping inputs, outputs, and parameters with a custom ``PythonModel`` can be challenging. ``ChatModel`` simplifies this by offering a structured, OpenAI-compatible schema for conversational AI models.
```

#. How to map your application logic to the ``ChatModel``'s input/output schema
#. How to use the pre-defined inference parameters supported by ChatModels
#. How to pass custom parameters to a ChatModel using ``metadata``
#. How :py:class:`~mlflow.pyfunc.ChatModel` compares to :py:class:`~mlflow.pyfunc.PythonModel` for defining custom chat models

To illustrate these points, this guide will walk you through building a custom ``ChatModel``, using a locally-hosted Ollama model as our example. There is no built-in Ollama model flavor, so creating a custom ``ChatModel`` provides a way to use MLflow's extensive tracking, evaluation, and lifecycle management capabilities with Ollama models.

Prerequisites
-------------

- Familiarity with MLflow logging APIs and GenAI concepts.

> - MLflow version 2.17.0 or higher installed for use of :py:class:`~mlflow.pyfunc.ChatModel`.

Author: adding `~` to prevent unnecessary module path from being rendered.
